boring.﻿
I never forget it...﻿
I Love this movie, is definetely one of the top 30 best movies of all time, 
the Bjork acting was excelent, and such original this movie is!﻿
Really want to watch this for Bjork. Lars on the other hand is fucking 
awful, tried to watch Melancholia and it was a fucking wedding video full 
of shitty zoom shots whilst nothing happened ﻿
Cornballs.﻿
This MASTERLY MOVIE is an unbelievably smart morality of the complicated 
mutual agreement of "Björk" and "David Morse" not to tell anyone their 
secrets, which would make their loved ones unhappy if they knew. On the 
surface it seems that the man is taking advantage of "Björk". Trier needed 
this abuse to show, that agreement of love can be much much stronger. But 
in the spiritual level both are willing to sacrifice themselves for love. 
And both are aiming not only to save their loved ones, but love (agreement) 
itself. "Björk's" death is not needed for his son anymore but for "Morse's" 
wife. I especially love the money calculations, which also seem simple, but 
are in a way higher mathematics. If we think that in the end love defeats 
death, the film becomes easier to watch.﻿
multifacética Bjork =)﻿
I hope Bjork makes a film again. It has been quite a while now. Dancer in 
the Dark is such a beautiful movie. The ending was so shocking that it 
literally took my breathe away and brought me to tears  ."They say it's the 
last song. They don't  know us. You see, it's only the last song if we let 
it be." Probably one the most simplest yet meaningful quotations I've seen 
in a movie. Applause!﻿
One of the finest movies I've ever seen.﻿
WTF?????? this movie was sooo sad that i wanted to punch the wall so hard 
that the pain would distract me from the movie,,, i dont know if i should 
recommend it or not, if u wanna get fucked up, watch, n btw the acting was 
so great,,,﻿
ends with sadly.﻿
abımın fılmlerı﻿
What is this garbage? I haven't seen it, but seems like people are saying 
it's sad!? It doesn't look depressing at all.﻿
I have this movie in my hard drive for like forever. Have not seen it yet 
but based on the comments below it must be worth the time. :) ﻿
Oh my god...this film was so fucking amazing. Seriously, this might be one 
of the greatest films of our time.﻿
This is soo good. And the end it moved me so much, so dramatic. I simply 
love Lars von Trier's movies; are so real and touching...﻿
I don't understand how THIS could get 7.9 in IMDb. Seriously, is there 
something about this kind of "art" of Lars von Trier I don't understand?﻿
ending scene is best..﻿
I saw someone had posted the last scene from this. I didn't get 30 seconds 
into it before I had to cut that -ish *OFF.*

You've got to be a *cold-blooded mofo* to see this, or at least know the 
context of the scene, and not *get something in your eye.*﻿
LOOKS REALLY DUM﻿
wonderful, Miss Bjork! and, Miss Deneuve, and, everyone else, too  .]
good blessings
a.﻿
I love von Trier and all, but I didn't like this movie. The main heroine is 
extremely hard to sympathize with, because she just methodically, step by 
step, led herself to the final she had. She made a shitton of stupid 
decisions, and no amount of kindness and naïvety can compensate that. She 
pushed away all the people that wanted to help her, she is shown to have a 
strong will to live, yet she has no will to stand up against the villain, 
she just turned her and her son's life into complete misery. Knowing von 
Trier, it was probably his way of saying "Take that, stupid cow, make 
better choices next time."﻿
Brace Youselves Tears Are Coming
how did bjork not win an oscar for this performance.
Atleast you're honest.
$$$$
Cook roaches ﻿
First time I've ever gotten misty eyed watching a trailer!﻿
love how we fight for only things like oil ... sigh** ﻿
The perfect example of how the United Nations talks a good game but when 
the chips were truly down  - THEY DID NOTHING !﻿
This is a powerful film.﻿
Let it be known that the Clinton admin has no made apologies by their total 
disregard of the situation on the light of what was happening when UN 
peacekeepers actually told them thousands were being hacked into pieces
propaganda movie 
I certainly wont now! lol
There is always some thing you can do wake up we live in a democracy you 
could right a letter bring awareness protest there is always some thing you 
can do it is only an allusion that we believe we can't one one person says 
i will not ignore genocide others will follow Its called the by stander 
effect monkey see monkey do if you see a man in pain once one person helps 
others will. its been tested
The worset part for me is that this actually happened 
In that case, everything is propaganda.
1:03 is so true and will always be true
Good movie but based on a true story so i like the movie hate that its not 
entirely made up horrible 
Also check out the movie "shake hands with the devil" it is based on the 
book by General Romeo Dillare, the head the U.N peace keeping force. 
You NEED to see this movie! I just watched it and I can't stop crying 
I watched this at school and couldn't stop crying
This movie was very intense
Such a great movie
same here! it was just shown to me on my FB sidewall.. u know, the place 
where they ask how did u like such -n- such movie. please rate. I want to 
watch it
The Americans who couldn't do nothing were the powerless ones, but some 
Americans with power claimed gold from Rwanda and paid back with weapons 
wich helped the genocide get worse.
Regular citizens can't so shit in situations like this so don't 
hypocritically call out "the human race". Bitch to the governments of the 
world. Specifically 1st world country governments.
paul wilkens got no credit lol
That is why this event happened, because of people like you..
Well they could have been thinking that it was so bad what happened that 
they didn't what to see the movie i had to watch it for civics i liked the 
movie but i was horrified 
If this movie doesn't force you to ask some painful questions about 
yourself and humanity then you are just flat out stupid. The Rwanda 
genocide of 1994 was one of the most horrific events of the 20th century, 
it was just as bad in principle as the Nazis of Germany or the Khmer Rouge 
of Cambodia. The world knew it was happening but chose to LET it happen, 
after it was over the world stepped forward and acknowledged they should 
have done something. The human race should be ashamed of themselves.
$$$$
Love this movie﻿
$$$$
only saw this for the first time yesterday and oh my christ what a 
brilliant film. son anyone suggest more films like this?﻿
I know it's been repeated on the telly a million times in recent years but 
I only saw it for the first time recently when I got it on dvd. Love 
it............really quirky and the soundtrack's class.﻿
What a movie. One of my five favourites!﻿
i prefer the undertaker's wrestlemania 15 ministry theme with his 1997 
titantron over o brother where art thou?﻿
And stay OUTTA the Woolworth!
I got to watch this in my History class :)
never seen it bout to watch it now
HD ? lol
Looks good
BEST VIDEO EVER MADE!!! 
bloody brilliant 
Love this movie! I watched this in Latin because this is based off the 
Odyssey 
this film never gets old 
cant believe ive waited so long to see this...awesome :-) 
too long booring movie﻿
No me canso de ver esta peli, es genial!!!!!!!!﻿
Любимый фильм﻿
Telephanie: O Brother, Where Art Thou? – Eine Mississippi-Odyssee. Heute, 
20:15 Uhr auf ARTE. O Brother, Where Art Thou? Official Trailer #1 - John 
Turturro Movie (2000) HD﻿
$$$$
JOHNNY DEPP
My childhood :)
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl ; Karayip Korsanları 
; Siyah İncinin Laneti ..  Film 2003 Abd yapımlı,Fantastik,Macera,Aksiyon 
öğeli ve 143 dakika..Bugüne kadar 4 bölümü çekilmiş filmleri hatırlayalım..

Siyah İnci'nin Laneti     2003
Ölü Adamın Sandığı     2006
Dünyanın Sonu             2007
Gizemli Denizlerde       2011

Öncelikle Karayip Korsanlarının kurgusal bir hikaye olduğunu belirtelim 
ancak bir yerlerden esinlendiği de kesin..Bu da 1600 lü yıllarda karayip 
bölgelerinde hatta Atlantik ve Pasifik okyanuslarında yaşanmış Korsanlık 
faaliyetleri akla getiryor.Bu korsanlar 1600 lü Yıllarda karayip adalarına 
ulaşan İngiliz,Fransı,İspanyol,Hollandalı göçmenlerden oluşuyorlardı..Ve 
1700 lü yıllara kadar hem bölgenin egemen güçleriyle hem kendi aralarında 
çatışarak sonunda yok olup gitmişlerdir...İşte film serisinin kurmaca 
fantastik hikayeleri, kendi film karakterlerini yaratarak sinemaya 
taşımıştır..

1990 lı yıllardan başlayarak 2004 de tavan yapan ve günümzde bile hala 
tehdit olarak devam eden Aden körfezinde ki Somalili korsanlarla mücadele 
da halen sürmekte olup,körfezde Türkiye'nin bulunduğu çok uluslu güçler 
Devriye görevleri ifa etmektedirler.. Somalili korsanları da Karayip 
korsanları kadar olmasa da günümüzün korsanları olarak kabul edebeilriz..

Filmin ana karakterlerine,oyunculara bakalım ; (1) kaptan Jack Sparrow'u 
(Johnny Depp) (2) Jamaika valisinin kızı olan Elizabeth Swann (Keira 
Knightley),(3) lanetlenmiş Kaptan Hector Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush)  (4)  
Elizabeth Swann'a aşık olan genç Will Turner (Orlando Bloom),

Herşey küçük bir erkek çocuğun İngiliz donanması tarafından bulunmasıyla 
başlıyor..Bu çocuğun boynunda ki bir Kolye yukarı da yazdığım karakterlerin 
yollarını birbirleriyle kesişterecek,mevcut gelişmeler bazılarını 
birbirlerine dost bazılarına düşman yapacaktır..Film kaptan Jack Sparrow'u 
(Johnny Depp)'in 2 nci kaptanı olan Hector Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush ) isyanı 
sonucu kaybettiği lanetlenmiş Siyah İnci isimli gemisini tekrar ele geçirme 
ve üzerinde ki laneti kaldırma mücadelesini anlatmaktadır..

Film En İyi Makyaj,En İyi Kostüm,En İyi Müzik,En İyi Görsel Efekt ve Favori 
Film ödüllerini almıştır ki gerçekten hakediyor..Ayrıca Oyunculuklar başta 
olmak üzere,Mekanlar,deniz çatışma sahneleri,lanetli korsan görüntüleri de 
başarılydı.İşin içine katılan mizahi öğelerde filmin eğlendirici yanlarını 
oluşturuyor...

Uzun süresine rağmen gayet akıcı ve keyifli bir fantastik macera 
hikayesi..Netlik kazanamayan bazı karakterlerin hikayesi ( Uçan Hollandalı 
Lanetli Jones ve Will Turner (Orlando Bloom)ın babası Bil Turner gibi ) ile 
filmin final jenerik yazılarından sonraki maymunun kısa sinsi eyleminin 
sonuçlarını sanıyorum 2 nci bölümde izleyeyeceğiz.İyi seyirler 9/10﻿
$$$$
Great cast and story.
And Tywin Lannister as Lavinia's slightly deaf husband... I love this 
movie. So many incredible actors.
Should I or should I not Should I or should I not Should I or should I not 
wait, is that Steven Fry?? HERE I COME PIRATEBAY!!!
I love Clive Owen 
its absolutely hilarious 
so many big names in the movie
Dumbledore and mcgonnagal
Sorry **Louisa's** slightly deaf husband
Если в старинном английском поместье собралась разношерстная компания, то 
это может означать только одно - назревает убийство. Но *Госфорд Парк* - 
это не детектив, скорее драма с тонким английским юмором. Костюмы и 
декорации поместья старой Англии, актёрский состав - нечто. Одни Эмили 
Уотсон, Мэгги Смит, Хелен Миррен и Кристин Скотт Томас чего стоят! Стивен 
Фрай мастерски привнёс комедию)) И на этом список не заканчивается, но 
лучше посмотрите сами;)﻿
$$$$
one of my newly discovered favorite films.
$$$$
Seven﻿
six﻿
rated R?﻿
Only 5 comments?﻿
Littl miss sunshin
funny funny movie and very touching too to get your kid to a pagent .... lol
Fellini sarebbe "orgoglioso" di questo film! Nice job...molto bello!!!﻿
da vedere..almeno una volta!!!﻿
$$$$
This is the official trailer of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.﻿
@Olivia R I could believe it because CGI effects did not improve much since 
then. ﻿
It's amazing, you would never believe that the effects came from 2002, you 
would think more like 2012! Absolutely incredible film, phenomenal actors 
and a captivating plot! Awesome movie!
@goldblaze93 Definitely. He actually talked to Lucius back them. Whenever 
Harry sees him nowadays, he would just say "STUPEFY!"
I just watched this yesterday! It's my fav, actually! 1) CHMABER OF SECRETS 
2) Prisoner of Azkaban 3) Goblet of Fire 4) Sorcers Stone' 5) Half Blood 
Prince' I didnt really like the Order of the Phoenix...but this move rock! 
They were so little, theyre so cute! I ♥ HP
The last two lines of the trailer are epic!
wow its amazing how much they have grown ohh and u can tell the movie is 
sort of old now we have HD:)
I really enjoy watching harry potter films they entice me into the world of 
magic, i really am going to miss harry potter if u feel the same please do 
hit the suscribe button thank for ur time and peace out
...im suprised the fucking tard americans didnt change this movie title 
called..."harry potter and the box of shhh don't tell anyone.." im sure 
your uneducated redneck braisn can understand what that means....chamber of 
secrets if far too complicated for yanks to understand...
0:11 never heard of that soundtrack before since the prisoner of azkaban 
came out
i luv the dont worry bit at the end
Luv Ron:)
@irongut12345 Really? I understand it JUST fine. Maybe its far too 
complicated for people with tiny brains (like you) to understand. But me 
and I'm sure a lot of other people can understand it just fine. 
sweet! thanks :)
i noticed how most of the HP films came out in either november or july
One of the longer (almost 3 hrs!) and BETTER HP movies
like if you like harry potter 
haha i completely forgot that this movie came out exactly two years before 
my sister was born (:
1:36 LMAO :)
@goldenbricks246 no of course not! i just know what the future holds!
i love how seamus says 'cornish pixies' :)
@irongut12345 *retard *Americans *didn't * *Harry Potter *Box *Shhh, *Don't 
*Tell *Anyone *I'm *brains *Chamber *Secrets so you think we're retarded eh?
@goldenbricks246 not YET...
I came here for 1:14
Hehe yesterday i went in school bathroom and started speaking snake noises 
into the sink .. ppl were like ....
$$$$
There's just something so dramatically fake about all these remakes in the 
past decade - as if they TRY too hard to trump the originals. Despite all 
the cold technology, they just seem to lack the originality, personal, and 
sereneness of the originals.    ﻿
Spike Lee,

I just saw your crap remake. Just give it up...

You could *NEVER* make a film as tragic and original as this depraved 
classic.﻿
please don't remake anymore... its just degrading the original.﻿
i know the original movie is lot better..i just wanna know whts d name of 
Background Music? can anyone help?﻿
how the hell people can think that korean version was better? it was the 
most disgusting and the most ridiculous movie i have seen, it was excessive 
and unnecessary long, what the hell is wrong with people nowadays? this 
remake is much better!﻿
So the beginning looked a little promising, kinda keeping with the original 
and it was with an actor I like. But as soon as he got out of the suitcase 
it looks like they got the story wrong and the part where he goes through 
the hallway looks messed up. Why even remake what is already great.﻿
The original Korean "Oldboy" was way too good. With excellent acting. You 
cannot make or improve such a movie. Plus a lot of scenes seem to copied 
from the Original. If you haven't seen the original, watch it first, you 
can find it online. You'll see what most of the comments are trying to 
say. ﻿
Anybody know name of that opera? song played on this moment in movie 1:55,when that guy swim in poll,please if anybody know name of that song ?In 
movie thats 67 minutes and 11 seconds ,then that song play ;)﻿
Why remake it ?Why?I am not raging because I like the film but because it 
DOES NOT NEED to be REMADE.Remakes are for movies that are outdated either 
ethically or technologically!But people in America do not like Asian or 
European actors so there is their excuse to remake movies.They are not 
comfortable if they do not see in the screen their beloved made-up 
Hollywood faces...﻿
Oldboy (2013) is a very dark, twisted and NSFW movie, but damn great! A 
most see (if you like the genre)!﻿
I can't believe that so many people have seen the Korean version of this 
film and I've never heard of it until now.  I watched a few mins of the 
original on Netflix, but I had to stop because it was so boring. ﻿
Wow this movie is fucking epic. Its a 5 star. Watch it as soon as possible!﻿
A bit rich saying it's "from" director Spike Lee. It's basically a copy. 
He's done nothing!﻿
Spike lee did a phenomenal! with the remake of this movie. I speak full 
Korean and have seen the original (Old boy) ages ago and living in S.korea 
for ten years most Koreans agree, this remake was fantastic...﻿
its completely different. the whole point of the story was so he didnt know 
who his daughter was.﻿
Why the fuck would they remake one of the greatest movies ever? And put it 
out with another tell the whole fuckin story trailer, you  damn holywood 
idiots!﻿
you know when you remake a French movie I kind of see the point asking WHY 
but in the case of an asian movie most of us wants a remake since we want 
to SEE the acting (asians have no face expression what a white person can 
actually notice,you know like Steven Segal having the same face when he is 
angry or happy) and not read the acting ﻿
i have seen a manga with the same story, was uoloaded in 2011.﻿
You do realise that English is a foreign language for the vast majority of 
the globe, right? So this version does nothing for them.
WATCH IT NOW: va4movie.com
thanks, never knew India did a remake. 
Nope. Watch the original. 
I literally spat my drink out when I heard this was being remade, just no.
Love the original. Did not want to see this until I realized it was Brolin. 
Now I definitely have to see it.
And yeah the originals are still better! 
$$$$
@xirstom1 trullies 
i was 5 and i would eat dirt 2 see this moive
@SuperSORAW I was young when the prequel trilogy came out too. I remember 
being excited as well. Then I saw them.
the best ending of a trailer ever. epic movie, epic music. at leas they did 
this one well.
Love star wars... best movie franchise ever!
i just got an idea. luke skywalker rules while he lived and the life ruled 
in his ways for while afterward. then the dark side appears again and in 
strong form. then theres some more fighting. but no hope from prophency and 
it was in between good and dark sides and one guy like from luke or leia's 
family tree come up and became a hero in his right. u know sometihng like 
that. 
gosh i love this so much still
@SuperSORAW me too. im now 15. i still cant break up of sw. i never will
Spoiler Alert: 0:00 to 2:29
George originally planned to make 9, and he gave it to disney and they are 
making the next 3, the only thing wrong, george gave it to the WRONG People
I was more excited for its release than for that of deathly hallows 2 
...which is releasing tonight, going to 2:45 am show :) 
let me tell you one reason i watched this besides being a huge fan, it 
ANIKIN SKYWALKER IS SEXY!!!!!!!
I want more star wars movies <3
This one is very good!
oh :oo i still hope they will make epic movies :S *-*
@wsBehemoth thats the whole trailer
6 movie
this part is my fave of all star wars movies. the man promised to be great 
jedi ever and was hoped for of to balance the life all around according to 
prophency instead he got misled and betrayed by lord sith and got himself 
turned into dark vadar. got wife who were expecting babies twins. born them 
both to be princess leia and luke skywalker. then the story is rest 
afterward. this film is the main turning point of all star wars movies.
Hayden Christensen <3
Who does natalie portman play??? I cant find this movie anywhere!!
wow six years old and i watched it the other day and still loved it please 
make more George haha 
I'm so old.
Very very epic movie, but very very SAD end ;____;
This trailer kinda shows the entire movie
best movie ever 
$$$$
it's a movie.
it's a fact that french kids don't understand how lucky they are to be able 
to go to school anymore... Maybe some of them should be sent back to Africa 
so that they can see how it is to live without it.
$$$$
what is this meant to be about﻿
Morally thrilling!﻿
great movie
There are worse things they could do than smoke! Living in a repressive 
society like they did and like we do today, I can't believe you people 
worry about smoking or not smoking! When did this ever become such a nation 
of whiny, wimpy wusses? What happened to rugged, all American individualism?
Masterpiece.
How this only has 7k views is amazing. Really good movie
Unfortunately... Unfortunately, unfortunately, unfortunately... How could 
be from this good, lovely story- a BAD, A TRASH? A smoking-campagne, a 
red(blue, gold- everibody know the little boxes of the cancer) death? 
Women, who could tell good stories, about THE LIFE- but they would made 
only at smoking-robots... 9.5 points for the story (from 10)- and -20 for 
the supporting(?? supported?) the tobacco- factories... Unfortunately... 
Next time please, try to find better sponsors... :-((( 
$$$$
Probably one of the reasons why i bought a guitar ....#onehellasong
#wearykind

CRAZY HEART - Official Trailer﻿
Such a great movie!﻿
Best movie i've ever seen﻿
Great Movie!!The Dude Rocks!(better say "On the rocks!")﻿
It's called "The Weary Kind." It's the theme from the film; Ryan Bingham 
won the Oscar for Best Song for writing/performing it.
Can someone tell me the name of the song in this video?
Strange that Colin Farrell didn't even get mentioned in the trailer.
Wow maybe youtube needs to do something about comment advertisers....
jeff bridges is the fucking man. he could beat chuck norris in arm 
wrestling like it was NBD
@andyandcarl well that's just like, your opinion man
Actors often play characters much younger than them. It's standard. 
Compared to Bad Blake she is a young girl. 
@cherryketket I like your comment.
@pjautuvas ...ask.com 
Robert Duvall is in the movie for no more than a minute or 2 and he gets 
mentioned in the trailer and Colin doesn't?
@haleyteddy03 ohw, it's nothing...thanks! :)
@muneebriaz1 go fuck urself.
In this movie theres a bit where he says he hates bowling lol. Also when 
hes throwing up he says the same line he says when his head is down the 
toilet in the big lebowski lol.
@andyandcarl: that´s right man....
I've heard people say it was cliche, unoriginal, unbelievable, whatever.. 
The older I get, the more I appreciate something that's honest, to the 
point, and puts a smile on my face.. This movie will age well, IMO, and 
will be loved by many over the next few decades..
im 26, 36 is mad old bro.
Bridges in '12 !!!
A must watch!! Love everything about it!!!! 
I'm 61 and felt in love with a woman aged 36... what to do? .. you can't to 
anything ... it never stops....
The weary kind.
Cool Story bro, tell it agein 
$$$$
Jehovah's Witnesses are commemorating the death of Jesus Christ worldwide 
on April 14, 2014 just after sunset. Last year over 19 million attended. If 
you've received an invitation please go. The event is free. Simply bring 
your bible. You will learn the true meaning behind why Jesus came to earth 
and what his death really means for you and your family.﻿
I see all the mel Gibson praise in the comments. 5 words. Watch the South 
Park episode.﻿
10 YEARS!!!!!!!!!!

#ThePassionOfTheChrist﻿
So sad ﻿
the funny thing is, god only sends the prophets to the middle east, and 
left out the rest of the world :( i've always wondered how would a chinese 
jesus look like﻿
Despite the grit and brutal nature of this film, this film is nowhere near 
as horrifying or shocking as the D-Day sequence from Saving Private Ryan.﻿
Where's the sequel, Passion of the Christ 2: Crucify This﻿
The Passion of the Christ - Made by Non-Jews, thus making it look as it was 
told in the Bible . 

Son of God - Made by Jews, thus making it look like a nice time it was . 
Made for Profit, Simply, a 'feel good' movie . 

Both movies cater to emotion .

Thank God I became a Muslim to realise Esa/Jesus (May Peace be Upon Him) 
was a Prophet . Don't use emotion, use logic . 

There is only 1 God .
No sons, daughters, sisters, brothers, fathers or mothers . 

Just God All Mighty, The Most Gracious The Most Merciful . ﻿
I'm a Muslim & Jesus is my prophet too as Muhammad Peace be Upon Him.Their 
messages are same.I cried when I saw the movie.﻿
Is that Monica Bellucci? I love that woman!!!﻿
Christ Jesus the son of Mary did not die for no one to do it by the sins of 
human beings as human beings think all Christians hold him accountable for 
his God alone ... that Jesus son of Mary sent him God like the rest of the 
apostles and Mary, his mother, girlfriend .. and not the Son of God ... 
That God is one and one begets not and did not have one﻿
To many spoilers!﻿
Thank God I became a Muslim to realise Esa/Jesus (May Peace be Upon Him) 
was a Prophet . Don't use emotion, use logic . 

1 God .
No sons, daughters, sisters, brothers, fathers or mothers . 

Just God All Mighty, The Most Gracious The Most Merciful . ﻿
...the Power, the Love, the Grace!﻿
The times are a picture of whats coming. May everyone, that desires 
"truth",, ask GOD to show them!! There is a Holy Spirit,, that will give 
revelation,, if we ask!  GOD changed my life!! I was on a road to 
destruction!,, and when I asked GOD to rescue me,, thats when the love of 
Jesus came into my heart!! I have been serving and loving others, with 
unselfish motives,, ever since!! JESUS,, the ONLY WAY BACK TO OUR HEAVENLY 
FATHER!! We must be forgiven of our sins,, or we never see Heaven!!  Its 
our choice!! ﻿
in catholic, it is a culture or beliefs or faith... if you are a catholic...

cause we dont witness if what happened last 2000 years ago...﻿
Ten years N still the greatest film I've ever seen it <3﻿
I will stand for Israel. And I will never betray the Son of God as many of 
you posters do. I will always stand for Israel for I am with Israel till 
the end . Messiah is returning soon - but this time you will see the wrath 
of the Lamb. Against the Lamb nothing can stand. If you do not turn to the 
Lamb you will be denied heaven and your suffering will be immense.﻿
jesus man xD﻿
Mel Gibson... This movie touched a lot of lives... Thank you and God bless 
you ^-^﻿
I like this trailer ol send me this whole picture. On my mail﻿
lol it seems there are more muslims than christians here.﻿
JESUS LOVE YOU﻿
Why is there so much hate on this commentary section? It just proves, even 
from the movie and the bible story, how much the people of the world Hate 
the Truth; 

Jesus Christ, The Son of The Living God..."So they have persecuted me, they 
will also persecute you..."﻿
pssssst...spread the rumour that Jesus and his mother are white...﻿
$$$$
It came out yesterday for me... I enjoyed it, the ending was abit odd =D 
but the after credits scene was weird, because of the copyright issues...﻿
Did you seen that at 0:55 on the wall of the building?﻿
at 1:30 what is the ost or song﻿
whats being said when electro is being introduced? its very creepy and cool 
haha ﻿
OK to the ladies that says they want a funny guy if y'all are serious about 
that then I better see mostly women in the theater when this movie comes 
out.

My PR: Travis you said you wasn't going to watch this movie.

Me: Opps. I mean I better hear that mostly women watch this movie on the 
news.﻿
Wooooo in the UK air real else's on. The 18 of April 
💛💚🔹💙💜❤️💕😢😘😍😩💋😂😭☔️💯⭐️⚡️🌈🌞🌊😭😚😱😱😫😨😷😎😴😡😠😰😪😆😓😂😭😢😩😷😨😩😎👮👳👲👷💂👶👦👧👨👨👩👴👵👱👼👸😺😸😻😽😼🙀😿😹😾👹👺🙈🙉💩💩💩💩💩💀👽💢💥👃👅👀👂💨💤👄🎅👻🎊🎐🎎💻💻🎥📟📀💽📠🔐📣🔅🔋🔑🔑🔍📬📊📮🐒🐴🐘🐧🐸🐰🐮🐽🐷🐱🐺🐒🐑🐼🐰🐳🐏🐚🐢🐔🐞🐤🐦💢💢💥🎊🔮🔫🔪💊💊🔩🔧💣💵💊💉💳💸💶💷💵💴💰🚪🔭🔬🐻🐽🐹🐽🐞🐞🐞🐞🐙🐙🐙🐏🌾🌛🌜🌙🌔🌓🌒🌑🌚🌝🌞🌍🌎🌏🌋🌌🌠⭐️1⃣2⃣3⃣4⃣5⃣6⃣7⃣8⃣9⃣0⃣🔟🔢#⃣🔣⬆️⬇️⬅️➡️🔠🔡🔤﻿
Spider-Man 3 had a bunch of villains and it sucked....

I am worried. Great story and development are much more important with a 
few good fight scenes.﻿
Spider-Man is gay.﻿
"Bigger! Faster! More Explosions! More Bad Guys! Buildings falling! More! 
More! More!" said every Hollywood producer ever before making a steaming 
pile of shit of a sequel.

When will they ever learn that less is more?﻿
0:55 Is that Venom in the background? ﻿
wait... electro becomes an enemy all because spidey forgot is name?﻿
1:50-2:03 spidey sounds like such a new yorker﻿
anyone else think that electro is similar to cole from infamous?﻿
Rhino with guns ??? This is so wrong, he don't need guns because he made 
for tough as rhino ,come on read comic book !!!﻿
the movie looks very interisting with a lot of action and good effects, (i 
have to say better than the other spidermans), 

I WANT TO SEE SPYDEY ON AVENGERS. 


VIVA CHILE.﻿
I love the old ones, but amazing spider man its not only different its 
better.﻿
I miss the old ones :(﻿
All I know is, he better keep his mask on for most of the movie﻿
3:05 rhino's got guns﻿
jajajajajajaja I want to watch NOW!!!! (:﻿
Ever........﻿
"I was cleaning the chimney" "we have no chimney "" whaaaaa! " lol funny, I 
missed the wise cracking spidey! That is the spidey I grew up to﻿
0:54 background is that venom?﻿
wait, the guy from Chronicle is Harry? :O That is awesome!﻿
Cant wait to see this on wednesday!! 😮😮😮 with my two mates!!!﻿
$$$$
I definitely see a slight resemblance to the Budapest hotel movie﻿
High quality my ass﻿
Very smart comedy﻿
sucks movie﻿
An awesome film...I can learn its framing !!!﻿
Favorite﻿
One of my all-time favorite movies. 
Judging by the trajectory of most his films, I think you would be happy 
that it isn't ;)
It is a comedy.
I wish my life was a Wes Anderson film...
One of my favorites films all time. <3
I want gene hackman as my daddy LOL!! always wanted to ride on a garbage 
truck, bet on cock fights and just not give a damn but have fun while doing 
it haha
thanks for uploading this the other one was crap lol
"You probably don't even know my middle name." "That's a trick question. 
You don't have one." .... "Helen."
0:48 hot.
@meck425 tell your friend that gnocchi is plural and bolognese is singular. 
so you have a grammar error there..and yes i do know it's a name i watched 
the trailer. 
@tennnisfunk Sure is.
...That's a trick question
Hi everyone! One of my friends, a top graduate of USC film school wrote and 
directed this short film called THE BROKEN HEART OF GNOCCHI BOLOGNESE. It's 
a whimsical, fun, romantic comedy with a similar sensibility to ROYAL 
TENENBAUMS.﻿ The trailer is listed under my favorites on my YouTube page or 
you can find it by searching for the title. The entire film is available on 
the iPad app Play Festival Films. The link for the iPad app is listed in 
the description of the trailer. Check it out. Thanks!
"What characters? There's a bunch of little kids dressed up in animal 
costumes." Royal, what a guy...
@houlihanw I disagree I was born in the in 91 and the life aquatic is one 
of my favorite movies.
Thank you. I guess i have to look into more of his work
My favorite Wes movie. 
wes, please marry me
Alec Baldwin... it's that you?
$$$$
I havent seen yet, bt it loks like a gd movie 
looks like a good one!!
I LOVE THIS MOVIE SO MUCH!
Tiếp theo là phim này, do sự ấn tượng cố điển của nó.
quite an old man now ^^﻿
$$$$
Good to see a trailer that doesn't show the whole movie. ﻿
I remember a book with this concept by Clifford Simak written about 40 
years ago, & I understand the book version to this movie was written even 
earlier, so the idea has been around for awhile. I like it & I'll look 
forward to seeing the movie. I'm convinced there is a bunch of haters out 
there who pan movies simply to talk themselves up. Its about them rather 
than the movie. Don't let them influence you. If a movie interests you then 
watch it.﻿
Honestly how come this movies is not even available on itunes? How this 
producers make money of it? Shit that pissed me off a movie i cant watch 
even on itunes the same like prototype to much promotion for nothing 
nkneven a release date fuck it...fuck it all!!﻿
I liked the song that was playing in her car,anyone know it?﻿
This Somehow needs to be a remake to Pink Floyd's the Wall﻿
Under the Dome???﻿
It's a survival movie with a dog in it. The dog's gonna die. Not gonna 
watch it.﻿
Did this come out before or after "Under The Dome" by Stephen King?﻿
Terrible movie. 3/10. It didn't explain the invisible wall... AT ALL. The 
second half of the movie is about a woman's relationship with a dog. The 
movie ends with the dog dying, and her looking out a window. A COMPLETE AND 
UTTER WASTE OF TIME.﻿
Invisible walls am I right?﻿
This movie is now on Netflix.  I enjoyed it. I wish I could find on youtube 
Zabine Kapfinger singing the song that was playing on the radio, something 
about freedom is a journey﻿
Oh gee an invisible wall is she gonna try to find a break in it? Nope. Try 
to dig her way under it? Sorry nope. Try to climb her way up the mountains 
and possibly over? Na man. Gonna just accept her fate and have the rest of 
the movie be about solitude and getting along with nature while ignoring 
the major supposed plot device of an invisible wall? Yeah you got it!!! 
Welp fuck that shit. ﻿
I really tried to like this, but it was so boring. It was visually 
beautiful, but beyond that for enjoyment, it's alot of watching someone 
walk through the woods  and stare into space with too little narrative.﻿
Stiven King "dome" copy...?﻿
I liked the movie. It was a little weird and definitely won't be to 
everyone's taste, but I thought it was interesting and it left me thinking 
at the end. Plus, the scenery was gorgeous. I probably could have watched 
just film of that for a couple of hours and been happy. LOL﻿
The Dog's gonna die. I guarantee it.﻿
Will be watching this tonight. Anyone seen it? Is it good? Does it look 
good?﻿
Relly good movie. Does anyone know the name of the soundtrack playing in 
this trailer?﻿
The movie creates great pictures of the landscape and always has a subtle 
horror movie feeling. There is always some danger in the air although there 
is only one dramatic situation in the movie.
OK, short description of the movie: Woman goes with her parents and a dog 
to a hut in the Alps. Her parents leave to a village and promise to return 
later, the woman stays at the hut. After some time she wonders why her 
parents (or uncle or so) do not return any more. So she walks to the 
village. On her way she bumps against an invisible wall. After walking 
around she finds some people at a hut and calls for them. However they do 
not move. Walking through the mountains she researches for the borders of 
the not-freezed land and crashes a car. She begins to arrange with the 
situation and finds a cow, a bull and her dog is also still alive. With the 
cow she moves to the mountain meadows in summer and enjoys the situation. 
She develops as a farmer and hunter but hates shooting deers. Winters are 
very dark, there is no electricity and the situation is very depressing.
Spring returns and she moves up to the meadows with her cow and the bull. 
After returning she suddenly finds a man in a blood rage killing her bull. 
She is completely upset about the man in blood rage and kills the man. She 
has no bull and dog any more and the situation is really depressing, 
however the cow is pregnant. At last she sits quite traumatized in her hut 
and observes a white raven.﻿
I would love to know why the wall was there...i waited 1 and a half hour 
for that...it has a good message for life but nothing else...﻿
I wonder what Stevie K. thinks of this...﻿
I knew there'd be some stupid comments about Stephen King here. He copped 
his idea from a graphic novel called Girls. ﻿
Looks like an episode of Doctor Who.﻿
The Floor 2014﻿
Someone below was looking for a review. I also saw a comment with a spoiler 
heavy recap - don't read that!

It's a riveting movie although not for all tastes. It's not science fiction 
really - it's very much an existential movie about isolation, kinship, 
survival, and our place in nature (among other things I'm sure). I found by 
the end of the movie that it was quite a harrowing experience to watch, 
even though through much of the movie I didn't realize it was creeping up 
on me. The ending was subtle and perfect. 10/10.﻿
$$$$
1:12 The commentary is selling the shit out of this movie, although the 
movies is already great!! :) everyone is having an award even the you 
"commentary" 1:12
A true Masterpiece! Artsist's were not free to express themselves when 
Castro took over, still true today if not within the gameplan. 
No sound
$$$$
None
$$$$
None
$$$$
My cousin was in this movie for about 3 seconds, lol﻿
I just finished watching this movie just awhile ago.. And I don't know how 
many times I have cried while watching it.. Just so beautiful.. Watching 
the trailer makes me remember the story again.. It's so heartbreaking.. ﻿
A Story well told!!!!!!   Hadas﻿
One of my favourite movies.﻿
I can see the parallel between this story and my personal life as someone 
with the ugly duckling syndrome. ﻿
Happen to see this movie a year ago, still a outstanding peace of art﻿
I realy love this movie!!! And I'm loving the words that [ Never know what 
is coming for you]!!! We have to enjoy our life more!! right?
Such a great film. Love it
Seems Legit.
It's like progeria but the opposite way
This movie honestly made me cry. I haven't seen it for a while, but I still 
remember its scenes as if i watched it yesterday. Besides the fact that 
it's brad pitt and he's just handsome attractive either way ... this movie 
was just amazing! theres no other way to put it. I bawled my eyes out.. 
that's how sad, happy, and moving it was. 10/10
This movie got me into tears. I cried and smiled. Its a masterpiece and 
also VERY touchy. Loved it! Everyone should see this one!
wat is faggots? please tell me gaylord 
My most favorite movie ever!
what's the song in the second part of the trailer? About 1:00... It's 
really REALLY great... Anyone knows?
Its decent. Pretty predictable but.
you should really go f*uck yourself u dirty lose ... not everyone around 
the world speaks english and ffor him who is trying this is a great effort 
... why dont you go learn his language for a chance ... f*cking cunt 
i smell butthurt underaged faggots
On of the best trailers :) Ah i love this movie :) 
awesome. wanna see it
I've just watched the movie,and I have been crying for over an hour now! 
This movie goes right through my heart.
aperisimo
what is the soundtracks name ? please
man your english is awesome dont listen to retardeds like this fella 
I want to watch this movie! 
$$$$
None
$$$$
Fav French film. That accordion <3﻿
They finally put this on Netflix, ahh!! :D﻿
Great movie. Everyone should see this movie. ﻿
i wanna watch this again... but i can't find it anywhere online sigh 
Es fabulosa, sublime, de mis favoritas... graficamente es increíble, la 
fotografía aun mejor, la actriz me encanta aunque no me gustó su papel en 
el Código Da Vinci
What is the piece at 0:52 called? 
aii esta buena pero nunca la he terminado de ver ...
Ay que preciosa es esta peli <3
Perfect.
Hermosa película!! Una de las mejores en la historia del cine europeo.
*Buen día plusers! Espero hayan descansado bien porque yo no :cry:*
*Igual les dejo el trailer de una película que me gusta mucho :) #G+On*﻿
$$$$
what's this movie about?﻿
Hehe, Death is the Road to Awe at 1:30... Clint Mansell has the remarkable 
ability of composing music other people regret not having in their films, 
so they resort to putting it in trailers.
Wow nixon was such a douchebag
It's too bad that this film, like 1995's Nixon, was not accurate. "When the 
President does it, it's not illegal" was not said in regard to Watergate 
and was used in the complete wrong context in the film. Drunk Nixon 
spilling details to Frost late at night? Never happened. Frost cornering 
Nixon into admitting guilt? Never happened.
if nixon had won in 1960 do you think he would have been so paranoid? would 
he have abused power like he did?
This movie talks about chile 1973?
@Thefamousballerina Baba O'Riley - the who
@LailaIcePrincess It's "Death is the Road to Awe" by Clint Mansell, from 
the soundtrack of Darren Aronofsky's film "The Fountain"
@level22productions Thanks very much! :D
@smachohalla He's asking him, "Did you do any fornicating?" Meaning, did he 
have sex with anyone the night before. It's obviously a jarring question to 
be asked by a complete stranger right before the cameras start rolling, not 
to mention rude and extremely out of place. The context in the film was not 
for Frost to answer it, but just be frazzled enough right before the 
interviews start that he looked unprepared.
Great recreation of a pivitol moment in history handled with the usual 
assurance by Ron Howard. The performances from Langella and Sheen are 
outstanding. An instant classic.
This film was excellent. Salvatore Totino has to be one of the greatest 
cinematographers since Gordon Willis and Geoffrey Unsworth.
This was a fantastic movie. It's easy to forget that at one point Nixon was 
a force to be reckoned with.
Fantastic movie!
Aslo, another question, anyone know what the music is starting at 0:19...I 
really like it and have no idea what the name is..
@Meovah yep
"The city is the King's, that's the law!" Creon, Sophocles 
Nixon Sucks
@MrAwax09 Baba O Riley - The Who
what song starts plays in the background at 0.16 secs in.
@oldskoolhunting i think its teenage wasteland by the who
Good acting but not reminding me of Nixon
kinda boring movie.
What's the song that begins at 1:25?
I don't think any actor can play Nixon.
$$$$
The best performance ever.It's simply fantastic!﻿
Backstage of any show is creepy, but it's even worse when it comes to 
Sweeney Todd.﻿
Who was Mrs Lovett in this. I think I recognize her.﻿
Love this! 
﻿
What is this?
Smells like piss.
LOOKS like piss.
THIS IS PISS!﻿
Sweeney todd is fantastic... i haven't words ... is very beautiful﻿
No doubt the original Broadway Musical, "Sweeney Todd" with Angela Lansbury 
and Len Cariou...my #1 Sondheim All-Time Sondheim Favorrite"
I would eat what Mrs Lovett makes.....
2 people turned into pies !
Now I understand why Sweeny killed Mrs Lovett...
Its funny because I got here listening to chance and andy of the black veil 
brides xD
Mrs. Lovett in this is the witch from bed knobs and broomstick
<3 I adore this so much. 
Muchas gracias por subirlo :)
The beginning music ugh! Luv
I have this on an old tape somewhere. Such a great version.
(to an Irene Martinez Pastor) ...Mrs.Pots was another role played by 
Ms.Lansbury... The awesome therefore comes into play as in "that sweet, 
kind teapot is a psycho killer!"... Or naturally, "Mrs. Fletcher singing 
about turning people into meat﻿ pies. Awesome!". Other options include, 
"Mrs. Santa Claus / Sister Theresa / Queen Anne singing about turning 
people into meat﻿ pies?!? Awesome!" Her imdb page lists another 100 
characters plus almost 200 appearances as herself. ...Happy surfing ^_^.
Mrs. Potts is the lady teapot from Disney's "Beauty and the Beast". I guess 
you mean Mrs. Lovett. 
omg i like sweeney's makeup ;P
Isn't she always! Love her.
Angela Lansbury is amazing
vvveerrrrrrrrrry goooooood....
Increíble
Muchísimas gracias por tu aporte!
Now I understand why Sweeny killed her.
$$$$
finishing donnie darko tonight.
I started it 2 weeks ago. ﻿
<3﻿
Only one of the best movies ever made. It's like a sci-fi rom-dramedy﻿
This is THE BEST movie ever! I watch it literally everyday. I know every 
line, every scene, every character's name. I say it word for word, even 
without the movie... Every time I watch it it gets better. It is not evil 
or satanic! Frank is not creepy. I am getting him tattooed on me and I'm 
getting 28:6:42:12 tattooed on my arm. Hands down, best movie ever made. 
Nothing will ever top it. I have to go now because I could be on here for 3 
hours explaining it and giving my opinions. ﻿
Fantastic!﻿
I love this movie﻿
This is the best movie in all the tangent universes﻿
this movie looks so demonic ﻿
Please tell me the movie is as good as the trailer.﻿
Gahhh my favorite movie﻿
I love this movie so much <333﻿
its made out like a horror movie﻿
such a weird movie.﻿
what are some movies like this one'?﻿
Great movie from start to finish!﻿
When you fall asleep tonight, I'm gonna fart in your face.﻿
Jake Gyllenhaal being really fucking DARK! jajajaj﻿
yeah yeah i remember! :)
Best film indeed, Frank.
Isn't it sad that you have to reply to yourself?
Really recommend this film, it is amazing!
agreed i thought Robbie the rabbit from Silent Hill was creepy
Pewdiepie loves this movie
Oh hey look, 1:28, its the President of the New United States!!!
sometimes i doubt your commitment to sparkle motion
$$$$
He said, "Not my job".﻿
One of my favorite movies, i could watch it over and over again.﻿
♥.♥﻿
360P is not HD﻿
Such a good movie, you can check out a full review on my channel﻿
Tom's character was awesome, never should have killed him off at the end. 
That was the only sad part of the movie. They should have let him live and 
come back for a sequel.﻿
It's tight how you only here Tom Cruise's voice but don't actually see him 
till 55 seconds into the trailer. It adds that mystery to the audience. 
Yes. Tom actually plays a bad guy. An well played.﻿
Cab driver kills a high skilled assassin. Worse ending ever!﻿
Not trying to be mean or anything, but what didn't you like about it?
@eljakon te puedo ayudar pero ¿la quieres ver en españoleto o en latino?
Not a huge Cruise fan...next to Top Gun this is his best. It was good to 
see him play a villain. And a good one at that.
Great film.
got inspired from jason :D hehe
I know theres a music which does not appear in the soundtrack cd, does 
someone know it ?
LA MEJOR PELICULA. PERO DONDE LA VEO EN ESPAÑOL? :(
You're me. And I'm you.:)
@harris3693 First you call him a dick, then a vagina--I like you're 
reasoning.
Just imagine if Van Damme played the villain. That I would love to see.
such and underlooked movie.
I've seen this movie when it was in theaters in 2004. Half-way in I knew it 
was a classic. Incredible acting and directing. Phenomenal. 
u just watched the movie and it's really great. For the different from 
other Tom Cruise's movies it is much more realistic (no science fiction car 
explosions, no running through bullets of machine gun....).
What's this Scientologist thing everyone keeps griping about? Tom Cruise 
has proved to be one of those actors whose films Never/very rarely bomb in 
the B.O.........
Same here! I love ass sandwiches. 
Tommy Vercetti and Vincent similar wtf? Tommy vercetti is every "thug 
becomes crime boss"whereas Vincent is like Agent 47 kinda...get your facts 
straight
$$$$
The Amazing Spider Man 2 - Official Final Trailer Extended Look | 2014 [HQ]﻿
This looks really dumb.﻿
Folks, if you watched all the trailers, you have nothing to miss ;-)﻿
omggg looks like a great movie ! :D﻿
Watched  this film in 3d last night o my fucking god go watch it now.﻿
love how they randomly put in comedy jokes in there xd﻿
I miss spider-man....﻿
So....Electro vows to destroy Spider-man (and New York) because Spidey 
forgot one random guys' name? Psh, if that were the case, I'd have probably 
a bajillion people who were my nemesis....﻿
looks shit. throw money at a film... awful﻿
OMG so much destruction..look at all the destruction hes causing lol 
lol.....﻿
Saw this today in the cinema......FUCKING LOVED IT. Not going to spoil 
anything for you guys. Just go watch it.....Bloody AMAZING. Much better 
than the previous one. ﻿
such a shit﻿
The wikipedia plot spoils the whole film﻿
What version of the sinister six is this going to be?﻿
3:06 peter parker screaming, Gwen Stacy might bite the dust﻿
I want venom for spider man 3﻿
0:56 if you look at the far building it looks like you can see venom 
swinging about﻿
 new spider man looks skinny and weak in his costume.﻿
Yeah but you did see that thing right it had Webs like Spider man but maybe 
not... It's probably like the directors fault and it's really noticeable!!﻿
this movie was so amazing XD﻿
just watched it. IT WAS AMAZING﻿
stacy dies she snaps her neck ﻿
awsome but how electro becomes a villian i hate it﻿
can someone please say what song is at 1:30 ?﻿
Be. Ready. To. Watch. Jamie. Foxx. Trying. To. Kill. Spiderman. With. The. 
Power. Of. DUBSTEP. WUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB﻿
$$$$
Mickey Rourke was robbed of an for this role.﻿
He wrestle in ROH and CZW made me like this movie even more﻿
great film, mickey rourke's best role as the main lead, his most underrated 
movie as a lead has to be the pope of greenwhich village, if anyone out 
there who hasn't seen it watch it great crime movie, overall a 10 out of 10 
movie, with a sad ending,﻿
Beautiful movie. The emotions were perfectly expressed. One of the most 
touching and inspiring movie I've seen of late. The Wrestler 4 Ever. ﻿
Pause at 0:33. For you wrestling fans, play a game I just made up called 
"Find the Anoa'i."﻿
Why does it remind me of Jake "The Snake" Roberts?﻿
I have a question!!!! at the end he dead or not??? i didnt get it!﻿
I love the wrestling yeah!!!﻿
Mr. Maniac﻿
booring movie﻿
I WAS'NT IN TOUCH WITH MY DAUGHTER FOR 10 YRS,WHEN I SAW THE PART IM A 
BUSTED UP PIECE OF MEAT AND I DESERVE TO BE ALONE.I JUST DON;T WANT YOU TO 
HATE ME.I CRIED FOR HRS.MICKEY IS THE ONLY ONE WHO COULD PLAY THIS PART.GOD 
GAVE IT TO HIM﻿
There is something I need explained to me BADLY: How are "The Wrestler" and 
"Black Swan" considered companion pieces?

"The Wrestler" was a drama that told a very powerful story about a washed 
up man who, while trying to find love and reconnect with his daughter, is 
trying to regain his fame while he knows he doesn't have much time left. A 
movie that makes men cry because it's so believable.
"Black Swan" is a horror film that tells the story of a ballerina who, 
under the pressure of her controlling mother, the stress of her passionate 
teacher, and the rivalry between her and a darker, seductive dancer, 
completely loses her mind and sight of reality as she lets all three 
smother her and causes her to truly unleash her dark side. A horror story 
set against an elegant world that will show you the greatest terrors are in 
your own mind.

These films are completely different in nature and genre, which makes me 
wonder how the hell they're companions. I understand their leads are 
involved deeply in different forms of art, but that's where it stops. Are 
they considered companions because they used to be one entire film? I NEED 
TO KNOW!!! If anyone truly knows, and I mean ANYBODY, please answer it for 
me.﻿
Jesus christ. these fucking people and their wrestling. Get it together. I 
refuse to watch this maschi﻿
Was that r truth﻿
Still so good﻿
1:40 R-Truth :D﻿
I really like this movie.  Watching Mickey Rourke however just drains the 
life out of me every time I watch it though, like he's painful to watch.  
Not that it's bad acting, not at all, but it's like this sad, empty, lonely 
feeling.﻿
I'm looking for the track playing in the strip club scene where randy finds 
cassidy in the VIP. It's a fast pace RnB track.Some of the lyrics I could 
make out were.. "i got a question, if you can answer this".﻿
What a film! It was so awesome that some of the matches where in CZW and 
ROH made it seem so real. The thing that made it feel so real also was that 
Mickey Rourke was the perfect actor for this role, when he talked about how 
he's "an old, broken down piece of meat" and those tears. It was from the 
heart..Randy the Ram 4 lyf!!﻿
arguably the best drama film i have ever seen. a rare perfect film from 
beginning to end ﻿
A very good film.﻿
Excellent movie.﻿
What a awesome movie and what a come back Mickey Rourke made from this 
movie.﻿
Lol this movie was a joke﻿
LMFAOO
Somebody just recommended Raging Bull to be in good comparison to this 
movie.

I think I'm gonna disconnect my internet now and never log back into 
YouTube again.﻿
$$$$
"It truly takes a human being to really see a human being." ﻿
Electric Charm = Pearl Jam
@IwontConform And which KKK swamp did you crawl out from under? 
combs is surprisingly good
And they both had something very in common such as loss. She lost her son, 
he lost his son and it changed them. Billy bob was a prick to his son and 
Halle Berry was a bitch to her son. Only thing that was really different 
besides the color of their skin was that one had a bigot father who was the 
reason the billy bob thortan's character turned out a prick. 
monster balls?
Peter Boyle as well :(
Hay qué hermosa eres
Black lady fallin for a white man.... GREAT MOVIE.... 
Alabama blacksnake or albino spittin' cobra? Halle made her choice.
make me feel good!
Yes, because they already bonded over pain. The scene where they make love 
is when the story climaxes (no pun intended), and they gradually begin to 
heal. 
thought about watching this until I saw that sean combs is in it hahahaha
This movie is not very good.... I didn't liked it, you should watch MALENA 
...
I think she is thinking how can someone do such a horrible thing, and have 
the capacity to love me? Do I tell him that I know or no? Should I stay or 
should I go? We are left wanting to know what she decides, but we are with 
her all the way. I felt like her character was more relatable than Billy 
Bob's character, and her journey more compelling. 
LOL
I prefer not to answer. Let's just say that I act and am drawn to actors 
who bring a lot of empathy to their work. 
Puff Daddy in jail. No stretch.
that is excactly what happened to me. and i was about 9 also. just watched 
today, it's a wonderful movie
i thought it was lady gaga the monster ball 
lol, diddy puff dad p
Every time I see the film, I reach a different conclusion. Berry's 
performance is so nuanced and the end is so ambiguous that it could be 
either or, and while the camera pans out to the stars, we wonder what she 
told him too. The music hints at something, and maybe her character sees 
good in him, but the decision? We can only guess. 
Heath Ledger :-((( <333
FUCK THIS MOVIE IS GOOD
i <3[ed] him .R.I.P
$$$$
One of the best movies ever !!!﻿
wow this trailer is terrible﻿
mogadishu is not afghanistan ok, the milltia will face u straight on, men 
with balls u will never come across! when the guy said in the film skinies 
cant shoot is like saying black man cant jump, every single man in somali 
is holding a machine gun or pistol, guns been used all sort of way in 
mogadishu, these guys fight every day like in black hawk since 1991/2008 
facts﻿
I blame Bill Clinton for this.
He sended them in with way to less Amor and then didn't even helped on 
demand.﻿
great movie wtf this trailer is shit﻿
MORROCO / HOLYWOOD ﻿
My teacher recommended this movie..But is it worth watching? Just want an 
honest opinion. c: ﻿
Black Hawk Down is a 2001 British-American war film directed by Ridley 
Scott. It is an adaptation of the 1999 book of the same name by Mark Bowden 
based on his series of articles in The Philadelphia Inquirer, which 
chronicled the events of the Battle of Mogadishu, a raid integral to the 
United States' effort to capture Somali warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid. The 
film features a large ensemble cast, including Josh Hartnett, Eric Bana, 
Ewan McGregor, Tom Sizemore, William Fichtner and Sam Shepard. The film won 
two Oscars for Best Film Editing and Best Sound at the 74th Academy Awards. 
The film was received positively by American film critics, but was strongly 
criticized by Somalis. I like this movie because it's action packed and 
based on a true story.﻿
awesome trailer, awesome movie.﻿
<3 The war dogs out there, Semper Fido.﻿
IMO, the best military action movie EVER... the war sensation is sooo real﻿
Chills every single time I see the trailer. Black Hawk Down and Lone 
Survivor are two of the very best films portraying these real world 
operations.﻿
Just watched this movie, very great and very emotional. A movie I'll never 
forget﻿
Best film ever.
I gagged at one part when they did an open operation on a guy's knee lol﻿
Woow i'm somalian and i have lived in norway all my life i haven't been 
there but i'm crying for the sake for my country . I don't blame anyone for 
this its just somalian people (clans) going at each other . But i'm sick of 
reading the comments here wooow like seriously you guys are like R.I.P 
heroes wooow they are not heroes they just made my country worse so please 
shut up about this you don't know anything even if you read what wikipedia 
says lol﻿
Favourite movie ever. Hate the scene where the 2 snipers came too help .. 
God. Cried like a baby. What happened to them ...﻿
21 years later, and not allot has changed...﻿
rambo19962007 US 10th Mount division was hardly in the battle dumb shit 
anything else you want to make up?

yes parts of the movie aren't true, like the way Pilla died. he wasn't on 
the 50.cal he was in the back firing his m60﻿
I'll never forget those words "We got a Blackhawk down, Blackhawk down.".﻿
Freedom ﻿
which is better ... this, act of valor or lone survivor ...? 
I  think personally act of valor﻿
For anyone saying the U.S rangers and  Air Force Pararescuemen who fought 
in the battle of Mogadishu are not heroes, or at least were on the same 
level as the Somalian militia clearly are two ignorant to know the facts. 
These soldiers went to war against  Mohamed Farrah Aidid (and of course the 
supporters) who had starved roughly 100,000 civilians. They didn't intend 
to fight the whole town they merely wanted to capture Mohamed Farrah Aidid. 
in order for them to do this roughly 3000 Somalian militia were killed. 
they were killed to stop more deaths. To call those 18 U.S soldiers who 
died and those who fought anything but heroes is just wrong ( also 1 
Malaysian and 1 Pakistani soldier).       ﻿
Best war movie Black Hawk Down. Best war book Jasmine's War.﻿
Track for the second half of the trailer is the last minute or so of Moby - 
Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?﻿
0:22 That's exactly what the U.S. and the U.N is/has been doing: watch 
Syria destroy itself on CNN.﻿
$$$$
Filmed in Rockland Maine ﻿
So I watched this with my gf 11 years ago! Everytime I see William Mapothar 
in a another movie, in the back of my mind I always come back to one of the 
scenes. You know which scene I'm talking about.﻿
Getting tired of yo shit Ethan﻿
ilike so much. 
the retard that disliked this has no taste whatsoever
That would be Ethan from Lost.
1:12 - :17 'Not' a good idea based on that scare he made.
John Conner...It is time.
:)
Just wanted to let you know that I used this video in my review for the 
film. Thanks! 
Such an amazing film. 
R rating addition: Intense scene.
One of my favorites, and without a doubt one of Sissy Spacek's finest 
performances. Tom Wilkinson and Marisa Tomei were also outstanding in this 
film. Not a very well-known movie, but like Newsweek said, "once it gets 
its hooks in you, you can't turn away". This home-spun dramatic thriller is 
like poetry, touches everything about the human condition on a very deep 
level.
This movie was filmed in my hometown, and yet I still havn't seen it. I 
know every place in that movie...
great film
360p is "HQ" ? Looks like VHS ;)
haha Terminator. 
this isn't really movie trailer, it's more of a story outline!
This movie is extremely disturbing! Nobody ever tells you that before you 
watch it. Be warned, curious browsers...
Just wanted to let you know that I used this video in my review for the 
film. Thanks! 
one of my favorites even though it breaks my heart.
Wow what HD ﻿
$$$$
*Background Movies*

Some movies are just perfect for having on in the background while you do 
stuff. Few movies do the job as well as Cast Away though, for me!

#Movies #CastAway #TomHanks﻿
Chuck Noland: Time rules over us without mercy. Not caring if we're healthy 
or ill. Hungry or drunk. Russian, American, beings from Mars. It's like a 
fire, it could either destroy us or it could keep us warm. That's why every 
FedEx office has a clock, because we live or we die by the clock,. We never 
turn our back on it and we never ever allow ourselves the sin of losing 
track of time

﻿
None
$$$$
Awww I made it through the whole of the blind side without shedding a tear 
:) absalutly love that film :) <3 all warm now I do love a good true story, 
off to bed :) ﻿
What's the name i the actress playing the daughter of sandra bullock in the 
movie?﻿
I wanrt to say something God blessed Micheal he sent Leigh Anne to be 
Micheal's new mother Thanks lord for taking care of Micheal Oher while he 
was alone on the streets. Amen﻿
Ahhh I hate sandra Bullock..﻿
Loved this movie... caught me off guard because I didn't go in expecting 
much. Best movie I've seen in a while.

I think the song Pompeii would've been the perfect song for this movie.﻿
Even the trailer makes me cry and I don't cry much in movies﻿
such a beautifull movie <3﻿
Film Quote of the Day:

"You threaten my son, you threaten me."

- The Blind Side (2009)﻿
It's a great movie and when you know that everything happened for real it's 
more great﻿
very touching story gives me chills﻿
Amazing movie!﻿
He's a terrible tackle ﻿
If only there were some white people out there who were like the people in 
this movie.?!﻿
As CT fletcher says:

You wanne see a sidewalkingcracker motherfucker? There he is god dammit!﻿
" Always protect your family!"﻿
I freaking love this movie!!! This gets me every time:)) ﻿
Just watched this movie last night and LOVED IT! Very touching true story. 
XO﻿
saw it last sunday i loved it﻿
All hail our white saviours.﻿
ONE OF MY BEST FILM IN
 THE WORLD﻿
good﻿
i feel happy and sad for this guy﻿
best movie I have ever seen. made me cry. so amazing﻿
It's t-dog from the walking dead 1:34﻿
OMFG T-Dawg used to be a douche!
$$$$
Excellent all the way around. Favorite scene is when tom goes and meets his 
brother and resurrects the inner joey. Really liked the accent and vocal 
inflection William hurt used. It would have been easy to have made him 
sound like every other gangster. Thought it was different how he clipped 
his sentences.﻿
Most people have no idea that this film is based on a comic book﻿
Yeah, I watched it yesterday and watched it again.  Enjoyed it.﻿
Just watched it again, it is a great movie !﻿
Ohh my god Aragorn... What... WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR HAIR?!
he sould have said fuk it to his family.... they would have lost a great 
father and husband, capable of protect his family against many evils, bad 
for them if they doesnt welcome him again
Not a great trailer for an amazing movie. Highly recommended.
@14gamertag dumbass
When I fist watched this movie I thought it was crap compared to the 
graphic novel but I decided to give it another go and this movie is now one 
of my favorite movies ever 
Awesome movie.
 This film was excellent. Viggo Mortison should have received an Oscar for 
his role.
Great performance by Viggo, great film
why is it not on netflix. get real netflix. it's a 2005 movie. i love it. 
get it on.
GREAT MOVIE
Last film to ever be put out on VHS. Just saw it last night. Was pretty 
good. Reminded me of Killshot.
Viggo Mortensen is a really underrated actor. I mean he was great in this 
movie and he was fantastic as Aragorn in The Lord of the Rings.
This is basically not an action movie, so no, a looong action-packed end 
would have been a mistake, like in Impossible Mission 2.
you're a majestic idiot
he also played the best on screen lucifer ever in The Prophecy
@MrProoda its whole
I have Nefflix also... And it sucks !!!
@majesticmaniac i still wanna watch it
David: Team Rocket prepare for trouble! On second thought make that double! 
Jesse: To protect the world from devastation? James: To unit all peoples 
within our nation? David: Maybe you think you hit an iceberg! But the 
director is here and my name is David Cronenberg! My acting team is faster 
than light! Surrender now or you're in for a fight! Meowth: Meowth! That's 
right! *Hits Meowth* Jesse: How dare you mangle our motto Cronenberg?! 
James: That is copyrighted material! Meowth: Copycat!
"Come back to Philly Joey" lol
bloody hell, aragorn lives in indiana!
$$$$
Nicole~~Nicole~~i love u~~lollllllll
How charming you were thirteen years ago~~~~O_o~~o_O﻿
I luv this movie sooo much﻿
This is an excellent movie but a terrible trailer. Gives almost everything 
away. I love the shot of Nicole doing needle work through the chandelier.﻿
Great film!﻿
A chilling mystery unfolds for Grace and her children, and builds to a 
shocking crescendo at the end!﻿
U mad?
The movie was one of the best thriller movies I've seen in quite a long 
time, it was a mind blowing movie, you wont find out anything till the end 
of the movie....you'll probably be quite shocked! As for the trailer, not 
the best one, that's is not how the movie goes...and for my opinion, DO NOT 
WATCH THIS BEFORE BED!!!!!!!!!!
AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR THAT just kidding i'm jjust too scared
Is this movie good?i need a movie for my overnite with friendz...
Can someone recommend a good horror film please?
nice story 
the shining...
awesome
bro try The Descent. sooooo scawyy!
One of the best movies I've ever seen
I liked the movie a lot; the end had a very surprising and unexpected 
twist; the trailer does not favor the movie very well; I would deffinetley 
recommend this movie. 
That was actually when I watched it XD
Its 12:01 and i'm ready to press play to watch this movie before going to 
sleep :D
I'm gonna do exactly that!
No way in hell I'm gonna watch this before bed
great film with some very interesting twists and turns along the way!! and 
has a great surprise ending which i won't give away!!
Got to watch this for english! It was amazing! A bone-chilling thriller, 
actually loved it<3
>:D Challenge Accepted \0/
Just like your spelling.
Not nearly as bad as your grammarXD
$$$$
Bagus filmnya mendidik
$$$$
damn!love this song!does anybody knows whats the name?﻿
Can somebody explain me the trick in the movie when she moves up and down 
her fingers and he says stop, its in the beginning when they meet again and 
start walking...thank you﻿
Films are just overrated and very unrealistic, that people who watch it 
want to live like it and thought that life execute that way, if you would 
watch the very first installation of this Film which was 'Before Sunrise', 
in real life, this should end up in a solemn wedding, a happy marriage, an 
endless Love of Jesse & Céline, with jolly children. Some film is just very 
unrealistic that it became a fantasy, and not a reality that mirror the 
real life of people.
talking all movie lol it was good tho
how old were you bud? Sorry just curious :)
beautiful movie :)
Not true at all. I met my girlfriend this way at LAX in 2003. 10 years 
later we are still together.
oh, how much I love this movie!
Thanks to Mr. Shum
someone tell me please the name of the song in the background of the 
trailer????﻿
None
$$$$
I cried with this book :(﻿
@normalpsychology So, by worst movie of 2003 you're saying "How to Lose a 
Guy in 10 days" and "Seabiscuit" were better then this masterpiece? That's 
pretty harsh. Walter Murch, the editor is one of the BEST editors in 
American film history, and even the director is a Golden Globe winner. 
Maybe you didn't like it because it actually had a plot. Obviously you know 
nothing about film, but I still challenge you to find a more original movie 
from 2003.
HQ my ass
R.I.P. Anthony Minghella.
One of my faves ... Jude law... Love this movie!!!!
I'm honest. Playing smart doesn't suit you.
@normalpsychology I actually fell asleep the first time I watched it.
your right, I mean back then they had spy planes and lasers and shit....
Wow. Virgin alert. What is it like, being a virgin? Most southern redneck 
faggots like you are. I'm so glad I'm nothing like you. Hahahah. It feels 
amazing to have a brain. I would try to describe it to you, but there's no 
way you would understand. Pathetic teenager.
you watch anime?? lol get a life you fucking loser hahahahahaha 
the trailer is bad compared to the movie, best movie ever
Bellissimo Film!
@vickk220 well ok, HQ my ass. hows that?
watch this one instead watch?v=uXGtunJ9Jqk
@gabbergaws23 You challenged me to find a more original movie from 2003, so 
I did. The Animatrix. Almost any of those short films beat the entire piece 
of shit that was Cold Mountain. What was Cold Mountain, really, just a 
long, drawn-out western with no real substance whatsoever. If you even dare 
to say The Animatrix wasn't, at least, one percent better than Cold 
Mountain, I will have to assume I'm speaking to an actual retard.
If I were left alone on an island, with home theater (haha). And I were 
allowed to choose only one movie. I don't know why but I would love to have 
this movie with me. This movie is so beautiful ^^
A cause he doesn't believe in...and he's from NC...yeah I'm skeptical about 
this movie...
hes soooo f-ing attractive in this movie gahhh 
JUDE LAW IS THE HOTTEST WHITE MAN ON THE PLANET !
como amo esta pelii!!!
HD my ass
jack white brought me here
Jack White<3
( never mind , now it´s anyway too late . . . )
Cris, listen to me, I forgive you. I want you to pick out sixty books (any 
books), read them, and then when you're done, get back to me. You're ... a 
little bit stupid ... but like I said, I forgive you.
$$$$
me encanta﻿
Film Quote of the Day:

"For the first time in my life, I got people respecting me. Please, don't 
ask me to give it up."

- Erin Brockovich (2000)﻿
nice movie :D 
Who else got here from The Lonely Island?
Thanks trailer, for showing me the whole movie in a minute. Now I don't 
even have to see it.
She didn't deserve it nor did she earn it.
The universe will never forgive Julia Roberts for stealing Ellen Burstyns 
Oscar.
You just can't stop? Now please leave me alone!
I need to get this trailer with spanish subtitles! can you help me please?! 
cade a legenda ????????????????????????? 
In the sequel Julia Roberts rapes the earth multiple times.
loved the movie. absolutely ineradicable story of part of someones life. 
and despite the comments made regarding julia roberts. i think she deserves 
what she's got.
Ok then I'm a legal aide, Erin Brockovich is my name!
She sure as hell earned AND deserved that Oscar. She is an amazing actress 
with a talent shooting for the moon and back again! You must have been 
emotionally and mentally unavailable while watching this movie if you don't 
think she deserved and earned her award and money! 
Ukkie
That's right you THINK she is an "amazing actress", I KNOW she is a 
horrible actress.
And I have, Julia Roberts must have sucked a LOT of dicks to get her Oscar, 
she is the worst actress to ever win an Oscar.
She looks nothing like micheal bolten
The lonely Islands brought me here!
@caittyk, Me too. A cute little smile and a turn of the head. Like it.
SÌ VEN UNA FOTO DE UNA MUJER RUBIA QUE NO SABEN QUIEN ES, ES LA ORIGINAL 
ERIN BROCKOVICH, HE LEÌDO MUCHO DE ELLA Y ES UN MODELO A SEGUIR POR MÌ... 
LES RECOMIENDO ESTA PELICULA.
@nicha112 lol totally xD
Julia Roberts is an extremely talented actress compared to Ellen Burstyn! 
Especially if you compare those two movies!
I used to love this movie, I haven't seen it in forever though. XD I had 
actually kinda forgotten about it. XD I have to watch it again now. lmao 
Oh, and this was uploaded on my birthday! XD
Something that you way your move
$$$$
 #Cinema   #FilmsYeah  ﻿
I feel old, but not very wise﻿
its a nice movie just watched!!﻿
soph811 they live in the 60's... in that period it was lawful! See her 
father, he dind't say anything about this relationship, although he knews 
that the man wasn't who he said he was!﻿
i think its a good movie to watch...﻿
I loved this movie!﻿
"I feel old, but not very wise"﻿
great movie﻿
None
I'm a school girl and after watching this movie I realised how important an 
education is. I'm going to concrete more in lessons.﻿
This is an amazing movie! I love it <3
such a beautiful movie, i totally fell in love with Carey Mulligan after it!
i feel a little bit scared after watch this.scared because i wonder if i 
can fall to that wrong decision oh god :O
It's such a great movie!
For the people that was asking for it... the first song is called "On the 
rebound - Floyd Cramer" 
lol, you gotta study longer!
What's the song that starts at 1:11? 
well it is true lool
1:15= WOW *drools* <3
@djjackkamal fuck you, stop posting spam. what the hell is this 
"moovi.co.cc"? FUCK YOU, stop posting spam, utter disgusting fuck. 
i would give anything to fuck HIM...
What's the name of the piano-number in 0:06 ? <3
@ekmad Thanks for the lovely comment, asshole.
My favorite movie of all time! 
I`m watching this movie right now.. I paused it to come and say that this 
has to be one of the most awkward movies ive ever seen.
$$$$
BEST MOVIE IN THE WORLD﻿
One of the best movies I ever seen! Made me cry!! WATCH IT!!﻿
didnt pay much attention to the trailer....was more interested in optimus 
primes voice being the narrator﻿
i love this movie﻿
Good movie, but one thing that bothered me was Kate Winslet's acting sick. 
 It wasn't convincing in the slightest, imo.  ﻿
JOHNNY DEPP﻿
I'm gonna cry just watching the trailer haha﻿
Bad ending but good movie :) Great actors too!﻿
Is this a good tear jerker? Just wanted to ask because the movie looks 
great.﻿
Absolutely brilliant movie, wish Johny Depp would've got the oscar for his 
performance because he truly deserves it!﻿
I just saw the movie after hearing the wonderful soundtrack (no, really, 
«wonderful» isn't enough). And I'm astonished. Really beautiful and moving.﻿
SAD DRAMA,NO HAPY ENDING﻿
Enjoyed it...
A deeply satisfying movie!﻿
Too sad 
Jealous you don't have the top comment?
Take note that the actor who plays peter in this movie is Freddie Highmore, 
the boy who played charlie in charlie and the chocolate factory and Johnny 
Depp who plays Willy Wonka.
johnny depp gets his ass kissed more than anyone on the planet.
could someone tell me the name of the music in the background ? ,,,,PLEASE 
Jack Sparrow is an iconic creation but nothing more than an entertaining 
performance.It couldn't have won any year. JD has been much better and 
ignored. Penn is bit overrated but was the best thing about Mystic River. I 
chose both JD and Leo over Jamie Foxx. Sweeney Todd is only one of his best 
but the closest to an 'Oscar role', ie a classic dramatic role but he was 
against DDL at his best. Sad as you said. However irrespective of awards 
Depp and DiCaprio will go down as 2 of the best ever.
I can't even watch the damn trailer without crying... jeez....
Good Movie.
OhMyGod! Queen Elizabet look alike at 0:58
You're right. Noone can be called the best. They are two of the best and 
fortunately we've had and will continue to have many great actors to enjoy
i adores johnny depp n of all his films...eversince i know him in my teens 
one of my fv. film edward scissorshand.
just google "finding neverland putlocker". its the first link :)
$$$$
Great film. #bioethics   #DeclarationofHelsinki   #TransnationalJustice  ﻿
Watching this trailer seems like I just watch the whole movie﻿
Was haunted by this film for weeks after I watched it.﻿
Donnie Darko: The Director's Cut, The English Patient, Sunshine, The 
Constant Gardener, Slumdog Millionaire, and The Green Mile are the only 
best drama movies
I've ever seen.

Did I ever a cute and depressing drama movie? No. No normal-functioning kid 
would ever want to watch a cute but very depressing drama movie, kinda like 
say...Where the Wild Things Are, Wolf Children, and Summer Wars (and those 
movies are the WORST,
super worst, and they SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK.)﻿
One of my favourite books. thanks +Lewis Miranda for that invitation to the 
community, I just joined them.﻿
This has nothing to do with gardening. 
Holy s*** I just learned this movie was nominated for 16 awards, 4 being 
Academy. I'm so watching this! And it is about conspiracy which I love so 
much!
Awesome movie
I literally HAHAHA-ed out loud! 
@sofi3028 Why didn't he get an Oscar for a LOT of his roles!
this was a horrible trailer i hope the movie is better then this. can 
someone recomend it?
@TrixieBelaire he should have gotten an oscar for his acting in the duchess
Briljant Movie
@PsychotronicWar But Rachel Weisz got an Oscar for it so I doubt that the 
plot had anything to do with Fiennes' lack of recognition
ralph fiennes was such a good actor in this, too bad academy award winner 
judges are too fixated on him being voldemort to be blindsided and award 
him an academy award. such a great actor
@fictitiously a violative and suffering Voldemort?! Now Harry should come 
and laugh at him :D Great actor though
The trailer is ooo different from the movie. There are scenes in the 
trailer that are not in the movie...when palph says yes to rachle when he 
decideds that they go away together..she doesnt smile in the movie... she 
just grins. In the traler she really smiles kind of laughs. Not very 
accurate ...how ever great brillant movie. Wonderfull movie.
"But I don`t have a home, Tessa was my home"
run its voldemort! hes been using polyjuice potion!
Je me souviens de cette réplique : "Rentrez chez vous, allez vous en !" 
"Mais je n'ai plus de chez moi, mon chez moi c'était Tessa" Waouhhhh juste 
magnifique !!!
haha to be honest i've not watched it yet ;)
If she dies I need to know, it doesn't matter if you spoil it for me I need 
to know before I watch because I can't watch a movie in which a pregnant 
woman dies. :(:::
surprised he DOES have a nose? hehe
I've always thought this fim came out in the late 90s..I don't know why. 
anyway it looks fantastic!!!!!
awesome movie, with a wonderful message "Drug Companies Are All Corrupt"
$$$$
HD my ass. Great movie though, just a misleading title.﻿
A masterpiece,indeed!﻿
This is clearly a western film. The idea that a Stasi agent's personality 
changed by spying on someone is completely ridiculous. Many Stasi agents 
were not affected by what they saw, in fact I haven't heard of a real life 
Stasi agent who was like Wiesler unless someone can prove me wrong. ﻿
The Lives of Others. I love this movie﻿
I don't usually post things about movies, but this is an exception. Great 
movie.﻿
Yeah, right... little hint: In the last 20 years, the US were defined by 
political scientists as a defunct democracy (i.e. something like Russia) 
during the presidency of only one guy - George W. Bush. And rightly so.
great movie. 
What a beautiful trailer. Exactly how trailers are supposed to be. 
Masterful.
An utterly amazing film. Beautiful beyond words. Still resonates with me, 
years later. Watch in German. :-)
In Australia, 576p (European equivalent of 480p) is legally HD. Caused some 
outcry amongst TV watchers here until they turned HD off. Now we don't even 
have that.
Most German people happen to speak excellent English ...
I'd suspect that's because you're probably one of the brainless idiots who 
can't watch anything if there isn't an explosion every five seconds, you 
sub-proletarian half-wit.
hahaha ahhhh I guess it was more just a figure of speech I really couldn't 
compile my top ten films of all time it would be an impossible task 
I just LOVED this movie, one of my favorite of all time
I haven't seen this, but I have a deep fascination with the DDR so will 
certainly have to check it out. 
it doesnt need to be HD if there is no option for it lol, look how good 
quality video is. 
Simply amazing ! It takes a really good movie to make me cry, this one was 
one of them. 
.....I've had a lot of young western Germans speak with me knowledgeably 
about times in the east. They're not ignorant. 
the genius of this trailer became apparent to me when Paul put a finger to 
his lips and pointed at his ear at 0:51. Don't speak. They're listening. 
The adage 'actions speak louder than words' is true in the movie, and so in 
the trailer. Brilliant.
most?
u know everything,of course! u are the smartest smartass this planet ever 
seen.I don't even know what are u doing in here,u should rule a country or 
something...
0:27 hand touches the satin dress ... 
To make it clear, this could happen to every single country on the planet. 
You people better watch out! Greetings from Berlin. 
The worst thing is that this puppet state of pathetic communist bureaucrats 
did exist. It's hard to explain even to young Germans that this is not 
science fiction. This state of crime, mass terror, police micromanagement 
and repression did exist. People died in police custody. People gave away 
their neighbours. No deviation from the party line was allowed for anyone.
one of my favorite movies! the best ending of all time!!
$$$$
I know this story. You join up for all the right reasons and realize that 
what you are actually doing is retarded. And painful. And sad. You stood 
there up front and thought that there has to be a better way. Who knows...﻿
thanks for uploading hd version
looks cool
$$$$
Love dis movie. Sad n real
$$$$
this trailer should have hundreds of thousand's of views !! 

THE FILM IS A MASTERPIECE ! ﻿
$$$$
One of best movies i have ever seen. 
Well made trailer
great film, wonderful performance by Ganz
Lol! Downfall...better to use its original title: "Der Untergang"
Bringen sie mir Fegelein!!! Joking aside, this movie is amazing. 
IS NOT THE TRUE STORY FUCK YOU ALL , hitler ne laisserai jamais son peuple 
mourir SEIG HEIL ﻿
$$$$
THE AUDIO SYNC IS OFF!! gaaahhh but it looks really funny and promising. I 
don't normally watch Bollywood movies but I make exceptions for awesome 
ones like this :) ﻿
Ive seen it once and now I wanna watch again.. such a fab movie in a long 
long time. ﻿
Wow.
Really I'm speechless!
It's a beautiful movie!
Love You Kangana!!﻿
I'm watching it tonight at ten!!!!﻿
I'm so angry that this movie isn't on the local cinema program here in 
Austria. I really looked forward to watch it. I heard that It's an awesome 
film, I mean I can see it because the trailer seems so amazing. I'm angry, 
I'm sad, I'm annoyed .. I waited so long and now nothing .. *I WANT TO 
WATCH THIS MOVIE SO BADLY!* 

Btw I will find a way to watch it, I have to figure out how and where.. but 
I will watch it. Greetings from Austria :D﻿
I loved this movie of self discovery!!﻿
Jai Mata Di !!!! Awesome movie!!!!!﻿
Absolutely amazing movie.. 

Tells the story of an independent woman. ﻿
A Bollywood actress who can act and is not in a glamorous role? Never 
thought it would be possible these days !﻿
Wow, did Bollywood just produce a natural talent? A genuine movie? Scary, 
what is the world coming to? Kangana Ranaut is absolutely talented. ﻿
Good movie, Good direction and above all Best performance of kangna ﻿
I never do this, but I had to come here to like this movie.....Amazing 
Movie.....Good work by Kangna.....loved it.....after a long time - good 
hindi movie....:)﻿
Being a hardcore salman khan fan, i only watch salman khan film. But today 
i watched queen because so many good reviews it has received. Mind you, the 
film is superb, mindblowing, vow kanagana , u rocks. The film makes my mind 
so free and happy. wished salman also produces such a talent.﻿
best movie i've ever seen in my entire life and in theater also.
and the acting of kangana is speechless﻿
no words just go and watch first﻿
Where is Freddie Mercury?﻿
Excellent Movie.....Must watch movie... After long time seen something 
Different ﻿
Nice movie. Thanks kangna﻿
I NEED TO SEE THIS MOVIE﻿
Saw this movie yesterday. It was awesome!! Beautiful movie!!﻿
Amazing movie! ﻿
Wow ... what can I say, simply amazing. Fell in love with it. 
Internationally competent. Best movie to have come since 3 idiots. Must 
watch, especially for all girls. ﻿
Awesome Movie, gud acting by Kangana﻿
jai mata di﻿
I saw this movie today and I think it is the best Bollywood attempt in the 
past three years.
For the first time it shows a person's transition from an "always reliant" 
and always "approval seeking" personality to an accepting others as they 
are", This ultimately reflects in her physical appearance and when 
resolving her issue with her fiance in an assertive manner.﻿
$$$$
Tahar looks white. Is he a muslim?﻿
One of the best ending ever﻿
Awesome movie.﻿
But why didnt Malik show any love to Luciani in the end, when he was the 
one that put him on to the gangster shit?﻿
@Tripo1iSamson Movies with good trailers that rocked: The Good, The Bad and 
The Ugly. The Good, The Bad and the Weird. The Host (Gwoemul). I Saw the 
Devil. Oldboy. Once Upon a Time in America. The Godfather Part I. My dick. 
My penis. My balls. 
that comment just screams A.D.D.--watch the movie rather than surfing the 
web and trying to watch/understand what's going on
@Tripo1iSamson There are plenty of bad trailers to good movies that I could 
cite but I won't because it doesn't prove anything. If you really want to 
get down to the nuts and bolts of your erroneous comment, the correlation 
you observe is one that is entirely specific to you and your taste in 
cinematography. That doesn't apply to the rest of us; and so, you can't 
just assert that "a bad trailer usually precedes a bad movie" because it's 
completely subjective. 
Thought i wouldnt like this movie casue of the subtitles. Dont worry shit 
is really easy to understand. Imnot even half an hour though the movie on 
net flix and its already entertaining. 
is Luciani Italian? I swear loads of people in this movie have italian 
sounding names...
@T800System gross. And so I provided what you asked for, and you divert 
instead of addressing it.
Pause the video and mute it (from the beginning) and put on Zack Hemsey - 
Mind Heist and start at the same time
@Tripo1iSamson They agree that you can't judge a movie by its trailer. And 
a movie's success can be interpreted in many different ways; its financial 
success, its artistic success, its technological success - it's all 
subjective opinion respective to the person viewing it that's why you can't 
make blanket statements likes "bad movies usually have bad trailers" 
because it's not quantifiable
@T800System Green Hornet's IMDB rating? 6.0. That's not too good. There's 
not too many good movies with a rating of 6.0. In fact, the best movies are 
in the high 7s and on, which is like saying a 8 is better than a 7 or a 6 
is probably better than a 5. While you may bitch or split hairs or say my 
example isn't good enough, I'm'a use the card on you that you used on me: 
you said what I was saying was subjective or even untrue. My turn to say 
other people, more people, than you, agree with me.
Please dont make an american remake with this geme!!!!!!!!!!!!
@T800System Oh this is a beautiful one. "well hey I invite you to provide 
me with some statistical data on artistic value of trailers and their 
correlation to movie grossing." I'd love to. Go to xxx.worstmovietrailers. 
(com) and IMDB each movie that's listed as having a 'bad' trailer per 
opinion of a third party, who isn't me. The movies listened include the 
following, with their IMDB rating beside them. If that isn't enough I can 
list financial grossing too :) 1) Tiptoes, 5.0 
No thanks. Alexandre Desplat's music fits this movie perfectly and is 
incredible enough. Zack Hemsey is not the only composer.
@T800System If you read Umberto Eco's Island of the Day Before, then you'd 
know not to judge a book by its cover. And a movie ain't a fucking book. 
And "sarcasm" and "advice" aren't the same thing. I love you. 
true
@Tripo1iSamson I was looking for something more in the region of a line 
graph tallying statistical data of thousands of movies and their trailers 
not 5 poorly received movies that happen to have incidentally what you 
think are bad trailers. That isn't evidence lol. 
@T800System I take it you've never realized that a movie trailer is 
supposed to sell an idea ;)
agree! worst i have seen.. 
@westchile GEM
#4??? what were the 3 in front?
This movie was the #4 movie of 2009. Amazing film
@Tripo1iSamson I'm gonna use your formula..."I take it you've never heard 
of an outlyer." This movie, while well-received, did not gross as much as 
it cost. People, more people than you, have expressed dislike for the 
trailer. 6 other references show people disliking trailers for movies that 
just so happened to fail financially and publicly. But you are still in 
denial. 
$$$$
THIS MOVIE LACKS NOTHING, IT'S PERFECT﻿
@koolasss Thank for to answer the question from Rokandstroll, sorry for I 
didn't know the music in this trailer before, I love this song as this 
moive as too, unfortunately, I live in Taiwan, in here, didn't sell this 
moive OST CD.
@escudero86 I realize that now, I've watched the movie a couple of days 
after I posted that comment. It was deep and surprising. Great film indeed. 
Great actors, great music, amazing movie... #1
i absolutely love this movie, Julianne Moore is one of the bests actresses 
i've ever seen, so unfair she hasn't gotten an oscar yet
this movie only lacks the real Denzel Washington. 
What is the name of this track being played over the trailer?
Stunning performance from Moore yet again.
The greatest film of the last 10 years. 
One of the Top 10 films ever made. 
All for one brief touch of Venus!
@TheXecutioner09 no, it's not
hey its the Allstate guy!
@rockandstroll It´s a John Barry theme. It was included in THE INDECENT 
PROPOSAL soundtrack
Incredible movie. I watch it every time it comes on. Julianne Moore is 
amazing. The most heart-wrenching part of the movie is near the end when 
Cathy is abandoned by everyone: her friends, her husband and her friend Mr. 
Deagen. 
Ummmmm...a gay man married to a woman to appear "right" in front of 
society....a Black man and a white woman truly loving eachother yet appear 
"wrong" in the eyes of society ...... this is the world we live in 
......where nothing is what it seems...
This is not a remake right?, seems like the movie he was in with Michelle 
Phifer?
I used to boost Todd Haynes back in the '80s in NYC. Good to see he is 
doing such great art. We just saw this movie on a big screen in Paris, 
France, and were much impressed. Except for a single use of the f-word, 
this movie is suitable for all ages and besides being entertaining, though 
sad, it is art.
had to read the screeplay for my scriptwriting class. Very compelling!
Julianne Moore should have won an academy award that year. Her performance 
was way too much underrated, so does the movie.
Just a brilliant movie all round. 
I love Dennis Haysbert's voice!!
This movie is one of my all time favorites. It is so thought provoking, 
haunting, and deep. I think the jist of it is that there is so much more to 
life than surface appearances. Today, we tend to romanticize the late 
1950's as a Golden Age in our history. In reality, there were many things 
going on that were anything but golden. This movie with its brilliant score 
evokes my youth. It holds up the mirror, and invites you to look at 
yourself; which is the essence of a great movie! 
I completely agree with you Tweeter and Cineramicfilms! 
I completely agree with you Tweeter and Cineramicfilms! And this is a great 
trailer too this movie.
$$$$
Greatest movie ever!
$$$$
A movie comparable to Seinfeld, a classic comedy! Great for family night! ﻿
I don't think I want to watch it now﻿
It took me weeks to recover from this movie and find something positive in 
life﻿
ass2ass﻿
Jeremy johns brought me here ﻿
Steve brought me here...﻿
this trailer is 4.20 min long haha﻿
This movie is sooo depressing, but in a good way ! May be the only movie 
that gave me tears ...﻿
Is it just me or does this trailer make no sense?﻿
Any good?﻿
I think mothers, teachers and people in power deliberately use violent 
threats or physical abuse. In an attempt to sabotage a child's intelligence.

As the child grows older it becomes a threat. Some thing that will destroy 
their world. Point out their sicknesses. They cant have that.﻿
If Clint Mansell knew his soundtrack would be the most used music on 
youtube amateur viseos, he would have thinked twice before writing it...﻿
The video last 4 min & 20 sec...
BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZEEE!﻿
Can anybody send me the link to the song at the beginning? I can't find the 
right version :(﻿
this movie looks like the 90's﻿
is this really the most depressing film ever?﻿
most fucked up shit injecting heroine and watching this shit 
Um Dos Filmes Mais Fodas Do Mundo !!!
...so I think you never thought about taking drugs for one second. Am I 
right? ^^
WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Whatever helps you sleep. Or feel good. Or do anything.
This movie make me feel so bad.
the trailler doesn´t make me in the mood for watch it. 
yes there are no drugs you take "for good feeling" that doesn't destroy 
your body and mind drugs are for faithless weak minded people
This movie looks sad
$$$$
whre can i find the film please
Looks the same as the French version. Sounds a little different is all.
is this movie out yet? seems interesting
i do wish this film was available in Farsi.
Wow, I didn't realize there was a dub... It's kinda weird. How on earth 
would they work out the "Eye of the Tiger" bits?? I've never liked dubs..
Heute auf Arte und in Wiederholung. Today on german TV.﻿
Persepolis od Marjane Satrapi...neobyčejný příběh o dětství v revolucemi a 
válkou zmítaném Íránu a dospívání ve svobodné, západní a mrazivé Vídni, 
dnes, od 22,00 h na čt2, kdo jste neviděli doporučuji﻿
None
$$$$
Mto sammmmm﻿
$$$$
Can someone tell me what's the song that begins in 1:27?﻿
:O

﻿
I used to watch this movie every day when I was little﻿
"Billy Elliot"  from 2000, fantastic British film, set in north-eastern 
England during the 1984-5 coal miners' strike... 11-year-old Billy is 
dealing with the negative stereotype of the male ballet dancer...but... ﻿
cool
:)﻿
Me encanta﻿
Es un ejemplo de perseverancia 
good﻿
De mis películas favoritas.﻿
$$$$
I've always liked this movie. Along with the element of fantasy it contains 
gaming elements, ahead of its time, the wonderful soundtrack supports the 
beauty of the scenes.﻿
One of the best i have seen, its more of a drama then martial art film. 
Check it out!
Nice work!
Short work, i made it couple of hours.
Too bad i didnt see this movie yet...
What's the name of the song/music at 0:27 - 0:37?
+Brian Iván Martínez no si ya la has visto, pero sería bueno verla juntos 
no crees? :)﻿
$$$$
What are those circles on the ground...shown at 1:21 ???﻿
so fucking.. nope i cant i quit!﻿
Such a great film, still enjoy it every time I watch it﻿
It's a great film. Really realistic, and is something many people relate 
to ﻿
most underrated film. this is one of my favorite movies. ive watched it 
over & over & i didnt know why until i recently realized i never really 
understood the movie until now. the main message this film conveys is so 
stong. SOLITUDE. ﻿
this is just a perfect film I've seen it so many times hehe i know every 
line and every song, my gf doesn't understand why i love it so much, its 
I'm possible to describe but its just amazing﻿
Clooney should've won best actor for his performance ﻿
I just watched this.
It's a really beautiful little film with some outstanding *extras**.
The direction is great, and it has a great soundtrack :-)
Can't say anything bad about it at all.

Thanks to +blinkbox's Movie Mondays weekly promotion, I rented it for only 
99p (£0.99). I'm very happy about that :-)

*extras** : Clooney plays a guy hired by companies to fire their employees 
for them.
The employees are played by people who are either fantastic actors or were 
mined from *real* folk somehow.
They play their little tragedies very well indeed.﻿
@Axxrat well if what you're looking for in a movie is pointless nudity I 
understand that you were disappointed
your relationships are what makes your life worth living.
It's a great movie. It has elements of comedy and drama. Also, it goes 
through a period of time, that is probably relevant now or before, that is 
easy to relate too. Surprisingly, a well made movie 
Clooney doesn't do porno's my friend. I expected this to be better than it 
was, that's all. A 7.5/10 rating on the imdb suggested a good film. It was 
not so good. Both my wife and I found it slow and boring. As for the 
bedroom scene, I stand by what I said, highlight of the movie, which of 
course doesn't say much does it?
i dont like this kind of trailers were they brag about every magazine that 
wrote about their movie, anyways im going to watch it haha
i wish i've seen this before, the past 4 months i've been in an 
excruciating existential crisis. I questioned everything I thought to be 
true. And discovered now what this movie says to be true the slower we move 
the faster we die. moving is living. I hope people pay attention to this, I 
want to save them from the pain I went through. I'm grateful to have 
survived it mainly because I'm too afraid to kill myself. But when it's 
hurting really bad I thought I just might. But keep moving it matters
Nope, I prefer a good movie lol. Never seen a twilight movie in my life, 
gimmie a break.
Were you expecting this to be a movie, or a porno?
See above
oh Vera... be my mom, please.....
This movie is about people that isolates themselved from their social life 
why i dont know everybody has different reasons but in the end he went back 
to the place he belonged "up in the air"
So i just finished this movie and it's a lot better than the trailer, i 
really enjoyed it
i dont even think of him that way he's old.. lol that just cracked me up
Personally I found this movie to be very charming and relaxing. Don't let 
one poor review spoil a good film! :D 
Anna Kendrick , you're amazing , you absolutely are my favorited actress
 came here from chelsea fc website, torres recommended it!
Do you think Vera's character's hubby knew she was cheating but just 
accepted it as alot of woman do that for the sake of the kids?
$$$$
Heartbreaking,,,﻿
Great movie! Documents the time period that I witnessed back in 1985 while 
I was in the DDR.﻿
﻿
It took me so long to finally watch this comedy drama cum tragedy. I've 
always brushed the movie away again and again which hid amongst the stacks 
of foreign films in the library shelves back in school. I didnt even gave 
it a chance by reading the back of the DVD sleeve. The movie title came to 
haunt me again as I was browsing through Goethe Institut's library shelf. I 
finally gave in and watched the movie after years of trying to get my 
attention. 

The verdict - it is a bloody good movie. The movie shows a fillial man who 
tries all means to prevent his mother from finding out that the east and 
west Germany has reconciled. His search for Spreewald Pickles for his 
mother is entertaining and equally touching.﻿
Beautiful movie!:)
I think I spotted a discreet product placement towards the end...am I the 
only one?
>implying democracy wins >implying empires dont simply rise and fall Enjoy 
your muslim overlord.
Se han comprado todos una camisa del mismo color que la que me he comprado 
para la comunión de mi sobrino.La tortilla muy aceitosa...
че за дерьмо?
geil!!! geile sache guter film LUV IT. ♥ yes i want a son like him too ;))
This was such a good movie, on my third trip to Berlin rode around on a 
bike to see where this film was made. I am going for a 4th time this summer 
and want to share this film with friends before they go for the 1st time. 
Excellent movie
Lenine was awesome, Estaline sucks cocks in hell !!!!
@gioman47m Lenin on the state: "the state [is] an Instrument for the 
exploitation of the oppressed class" Lenin citing Engels: "the state is a 
“special coercive force". Lenin on anarchism: "We do not disagree with the 
anarchists on our aims". Trotsky on taxation: "[The] Government, with its 
officials, robs him continually by taxation"
what is the name of the song that plays in the background at 0:52?
@Bayernvern correct too
My favourite German film. And one of my favourite films ever.
der film is der hammer;b
1:55 "Ist es denn wirklich so, dass wir jeden Dreck, der vom Westen kommt, 
kopieren müssen?..." Hahahahaaa... Stimmt! xD
 Long live searching in the garbage!
@kolokotronis84 hmmm,I would say jesus was the biggest anarchist in history
wie heisst das lied was die kinder singen ?
This is a GREAT movie. Great acting, humor, soundtrack, everything
What's the name of the song that plays in between 01:18 - 01:40 ???? 
Searching this for years!
Awesome movie. Does anyone else think that leading actor looks like Zac 
Efron?
$$$$
$$$$
I really love Devon but the movie sucks!﻿
Devon Bostick *wwwwwwwwwww* <3.<3 <3﻿
I thought they made the game into a movie....﻿
a whole bucket load of MEHHH 
IzzyV15 me too ;D
And of course he died first. FML
ok.
@selena94936 ugh no it doesnt even look that scary! lolz
@selena94936 hahahhahahaa yeah it is dude
Watched this with my friends, it was AWESOME
@GinSingLimePow that was boombostick-fantastic!
Not enough Devon.
I love the ole line from everyone of these films. "We'll put a team 
together, to go check the place out". HAHAHA. pfft
@Meadowella OMGSERIOUSLY. :'(
omg this looks scary
The only good thing in the movie were Kim's boobs... Damn, in some scenes 
it looked like they were aware of how bad this movie is and they even made 
Kim jump so her boobs could bounce... Even when they showed her corpse, her 
boobs were the ones being highlighted... xD They should add the actress' 
boobs to the credits... they sure did a better job than her...
I guess I shouldn't watch it I got the whole meaning and point of it 
through this trailer lol
Yep I was here because of devon
omg you're killing me, I'm envious of her.
shit movie, shit shit shit movie, don't fucking waste your time with this 
movie.
@Meadowella well thanks for ruining it on EVERYONE!
@wantedwanted21 Fail poor idiot i got a live streaming going on.
only came here becuz of Rodrick! :D
If only the chick Devon was kissing was Emily Browning. lol I wish...
Islinger Too Long
$$$$
I preferred Buster Keatons version of this, "The General" made in 1926.﻿
A comedic trailer for a serious film. Good job Hollywood.﻿
A bizarre trailer for an otherwise brilliant film.﻿
It should be named official spoiler.
The trailer depicts a war drama film as a whimsical comedy. The voice, the 
music and the whole editing is kind of deceiving. Otherwise, a great movie! 
$$$$
Kotakbas kaiagy kazak iwo atyn borat dep koigan kazakty mazaktagap jatkan 
bul kinoda tel kana﻿
Very nice! очень хорошая !
hahaha "black not" gets me everytime 
$$$$
